Addressing feedback by Francesca Palombini (#234)
tlswg/dtls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-dtls13.md

message but for convenience we use the term HelloRetryRequest throughout 
this document as if it were a distinct message.

DTLS 1.3 uses network byte order (big-endian) format for encoding messages

> based on the encoding format defined in TLS 1.3 and earlier TLS/DTLS specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
based on the encoding format defined in {{TLS13}} and earlier (D)TLS specifications.
```

~~~
{: #demux title="Demultiplexing DTLS 1.2 and DTLS 1.3 Records"}

Note: The optimized DTLS header format shown in {{cid_hdr}}, which 
does not carry the Content Type in the Unified Header format, requires 
a different demultilexing strategy compared to what was used in previous 
DTLS versions where the Content Type was conveyed in every record. 
As described in {{demux}}, the first byte determines how an incoming 
DTLS record is demultiplexed. The first 3 bits of the first byte 

> distinguish a DTLS 1.3 encrypted record from a record type used in 
> previous DTLS versions or from plaintext DTLS 1.3 record. Hence, the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distinguish a DTLS 1.3 encrypted record from record types used in 
previous DTLS versions and plaintext DTLS 1.3 record types. Hence, the 
```

range 32 (0b0010 0000) to 63 (0b0011 1111) needs to be excluded 

> from future allocations by IANA to avoid demultiplexing problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from future allocations by IANA to avoid demultiplexing problems;
see {{iana-considerations}}.
```

(The iana-considerations anchor isn't in the doc yet, though)
